_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi!

My name is Matthijs. I am from the Netherlands and I currently work as Associate at BCG in the Technology and Digital Advantage practice area. I studied robotics in Switzerland on a scholarship from ETH Zurich. During the master's I performed a 6 month internship at TNO, the Dutch organisation for applied scientific research. I also worked for a year as lead propulsion engineer in the Delft Hyperloop team. Before coming to Zurich, I did a bachelor's in mechanical engineering. During my minor I spent 6 months abroad in Vancouver, Canada on a scholarship from the Delft university of Technology.

I enjoy playing piano and have been doing so for over 15 years. My focus here is on classical music. Aside from that I enjoy weightlifting to stay fit both physically and mentally. Feel free to take a look at my [portfolio](portfolio.html) to see some of the projects I worked on!

Matthijs

Commit message:

Add Stekker to into page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi!

My name is Matthijs. I am from the Netherlands and I currently work as an associate at BCG in the technology and digital advantage practice area. Before joining BCG, I worked at a start-up in the electric vehicle space, [Stekker](https://www.stekker.com/), as an AI developer. At Stekker, I mainly focused on electricity price forecasting using machine learning. I studied robotics in Switzerland on a scholarship from ETH Zurich. During my master's, I performed a six-month internship at TNO (the Dutch Organisation for Applied Scientific Research). I also worked for a year as lead propulsion engineer in the Delft Hyperloop student team. Before coming to Zurich, I completed a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. During my minor, I spent six months abroad in Vancouver, Canada, on a scholarship from the Delft University of Technology.

I enjoy playing piano and have been doing so for over 15 years. My focus here is on classical music. Aside from that I enjoy weightlifting to stay fit both physically and mentally. Feel free to take a look at my [portfolio](portfolio.html) to see some of the projects I worked on!

Matthijs
